[chore] update error code descriptions for oidc and oauth (#18950)
opf/openproject: docs/system-admin-guide/files/external-file-storages/health-status/README.md

| ERR_NC_GROUP_FOLDER_NOT_FOUND      | The group folder could not be found.                                                         | The group folder used by the Integration OpenProject app was not found. This folder is usually named `OpenProject` and is owned by the group `OpenProject`.                 | The group folder is used only by the automatically managed project folders mode. Try to disable this option in the Nextcloud administration for the Integration OpenProject app and reenable it afterwards.                                                                                                                                                                            |

> | ERR_NC_OAUTH_REQUEST_UNAUTHORIZED  | The current user's token is invalid.                                                         | The token of the current user could not be used for accessing the remote file storage.                                                                                      | If the file storage is configure to do the *Two-Way OAuth2 authorization code flow* remove the user token from **Account settings → Access tokens** of this file storage. If the storage is configured to use SSO login, please recheck the [SSO configuration guide](../../../integrations/nextcloud/oidc-sso/) for the settings of OpenProject and Nextcloud of your specific setup. |

Reviewer: ... and redo the login

```suggestion
| ERR_NC_OAUTH_REQUEST_UNAUTHORIZED  | The current user's token is invalid.                                                         | The token of the current user could not be used for accessing the remote file storage.                                                                                      | If the file storage is configure to do the *Two-Way OAuth2 authorization code flow* remove the user token from **Account settings → Access tokens** of this file storage and redo the login. If the storage is configured to use SSO login, please recheck the [SSO configuration guide](../../../integrations/nextcloud/oidc-sso/) for the settings of OpenProject and Nextcloud of your specific setup. |
```

Some file storages can be configured to use SSO login methods. There are a few checks run specifically for this type
of setup. The following table lists the error codes related to those checks.

| Error code                        | Error description                                          | Possible reasons                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Next steps and solutions                                                                                                                                       |
|-----------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | ERR_OIDC_TOKEN_ACQUISITION_FAILED | No token could be acquired for accessing the file storage. | The OpenID Connect (OIDC) setup doesn't have the necessary audience, nor does it provide the possibility to exchange tokens.                                                                                          | Please check if you configured the correct file storage audience in OpenProject.                                                                               |

Reviewer: I am wondering whether we should hint at the possibility of us not knowing about token exchange capability.

Though, I can't come up with a way to explain this, without making everything complicated and unreadable.

Author: We can extend this at any time, when we have better ideas or insight. I
'd rather not enforce it now.

> | ERR_OIDC_TOKEN_EXCHANGE_FAILED    | The token exchange failed.                                 | The OIDC provider might not allow token exchange, or the exchange failed on the given audience.                                                                                                                       | Please check if you configured the correct file storage audience in OpenProject, and if the OIDC identity provider allows exchanging tokens for that audience. |

Reviewer: I think we should have differentiated the error codes further. A pretty simple explanation would be that no one intends to do any token exchange, but the IDP didn't hand out a refresh token, when we expected a refresh token (via `unable_to_exchange_token`).

```suggestion
| ERR_OIDC_TOKEN_EXCHANGE_FAILED    | The token exchange failed or was necessary and not supported. | The exchange failed on the given audience. An exchange might also have been attempted, if no refresh token was available, but the access token was expired. | Please check if you configured the correct file storage audience in OpenProject, and if the OIDC identity provider allows exchanging tokens for that audience. Also make sure that the identity provider is handing out refresh tokens. |
```

| WRN_OIDC_NON_OIDC_USER            | The user is not a OIDC user.                               | The current user is provisioned to OpenProject, but not by an OIDC identity provider.                                                                                                                                 | Log in to an admin user with the correct OIDC identity provider, the same one used by the file storage, and rerun the check.                                   |
| WRN_OIDC_NON_PROVISIONED_USER     | The user is not a provisioned user.                        | The current user is not provisioned by an OIDC identity provider.                                                                                                                                                     | Log in to an admin user with the correct OIDC identity provider, the same one used by the file storage, and rerun the check.                                   |

> | WRN_OFFLINE_ACCESS_SCOPE_MISSING  | The OIDC provider has no `offline_access` scope.           | The OIDC provider was configured without `offline_access` scope. While this does not cause the integration to break, this scope ensures, that refresh tokens to not expire and OpenProject can maintain a connection. | Add the scope `offline_access` to the OIDC provider configuration.                                                                                             |

Reviewer: Suggesting to clarify that the problem is how we configure the provider, but also that this is not a guaranteed way to fix it:

```suggestion
| WRN_OFFLINE_ACCESS_SCOPE_MISSING  | `offline_access` scope is not requested from the OIDC provider.           | The OIDC provider was configured without `offline_access` scope. While this does not cause the integration to break, this scope usually ensures, that refresh tokens do not expire and OpenProject can maintain a connection. | Make sure that refresh tokens issued by the identity provider do not expire. Adding the scope `offline_access` to the OIDC provider configuration is one common way to do it. |
```
